# Exploratory Data Analysis on Video Game Sales
This repository contains one RMarkdown file that includes two parts of exploratory data analysis on video game sales. The first part covers data analysis using R, and the second part covers data analysis using Python.

Dataset
The dataset used for this analysis contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies. It was generated by scraping VGChartz. The fields included in the dataset are:

Rank: Ranking of overall sales
Name: The game's name
Platform: Platform of the game's release (e.g., PC, PS4, etc.)
Year: Year of the game's release
Genre: Genre of the game
Publisher: Publisher of the game
NA_Sales: Sales in North America (in millions)
EU_Sales: Sales in Europe (in millions)
JP_Sales: Sales in Japan (in millions)
Other_Sales: Sales in other regions (in millions)
Global_Sales: Total worldwide sales (in millions)
RMarkdown File
There is one RMarkdown file in this repository that includes two parts:

EDA - VIDEO GAME SALES using R: This part of the RMarkdown file contains exploratory data analysis on video game sales using R programming language. The part covers data loading, descriptive analysis, and exploratory analysis. The exploratory analysis covers the analysis of the world's best-selling games, number of sales per platform, game sales by genre, number of sales per publisher, and global sales number per year.

EDA - VIDEO GAME SALES using Python: This part of the RMarkdown file contains exploratory data analysis on video game sales using Python programming language. The part covers various analysis related to video game sales, such as top-selling genres, years with the most game releases, top publishers, revenue by region, etc.

PDF Report
The RMarkdown file can be knit into a PDF report that includes both parts of the exploratory data analysis. The PDF report is included in this repository as EDA_VIDEO_GAME_SALES.pdf.
